Add Program Verification course at Radboud University Nijmegen (#44)
coq-community/awesome-coq: README.md

- [MathComp School](https://github.com/gares/math-comp-school-2022) - Coq sources for lessons and exercises that introduce the SSReflect proof language and the Mathematical Components library.
- [Mechanized Semantics](https://github.com/xavierleroy/cdf-mech-sem) - Companion Coq sources for a course on programming language semantics at Collège de France.
- [Program Logics](https://github.com/xavierleroy/cdf-program-logics) - Companion Coq sources for a course on program logics at Collège de France.

> - [Program verification with types and logic](https://gitlab.science.ru.nl/program-verification/course-2023-2024) - A course on program language semantics, type systems and program logics, using Coq, at Radboud University Nijmegen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Program verification with types and logic](https://gitlab.science.ru.nl/program-verification/course-2023-2024) - Lectures and exercise material for a course in programming language semantics, type systems and program logics, using Coq, at Radboud University Nijmegen.
```
Thanks @robbertkrebbers. OK to change the description and terminology slightly to fit with other entries?

Author: Sure.
